Security voice: Duel
clearance achieved.
All security systems disabled.
Litterbot a: Commence operation
clean house.
Clean house, clean house
clean House,clean
house, clean house
GODA: Yeah, right on time.
The house has been
spotlessly cleaned.
Let's roll!
Lillybot: You forgot me.
You forgot me.
Hello.
Do not leave me behind!
Uh oh!
Whoa!
Blast it!
[Sirens]
[♪...]
♪ as life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ down and down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams from dieing ♪
♪ I hi-Five the skys ♪
♪ spread my wings say
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe...♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future is
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breathe my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'm taking a chance today ♪
FEMALE ANNOUNCER: Now accepting
applicants for
the world duel carnival!
Do you have what it takes?
Yuma: How come I only feel the
flow during duels and never on
days when there's a pop quiz?
Tori: Maybe cuz you duel more
than you study!
Oh Yeah, well, not if you
count studying dueling!
What's wrong little guy?
He must've got separated
from his mom.
A litterbot?
Why's he lying down on the job?
Hey
are you okay?
It's like they're trying
to tell us something.
Whoa!
What's that!
Open it and see!
Bronk: That solves the mystery
of where mom is.
How cute
but still
it doesn't solve the
mystery of why this
litterbot's here.
Yeah, ya gotta point there
let's see here, I think
this should do it.
Do what?
I dunno.
Something I hope
you sure you know what
you're doing here?
Of course I don't.
Astral: Yuma
try connecting that red cord.
I guess it couldn't hurt
here
use this.
My hair clip.
Thanks Tori
rebooting, rebooting
let - Go - Please!
Trash identified,
trash identified
yeah
I'd say it's working just fine
now, wouldn't ya agree, yuma!
I'll agree to anything just get
this thing to let me go!
Shh, do you guys hear that?
He attacks me then
follows me home?
Aw, man!
Aw, man.
I think he likes you, yuma, why
don't ya look after him?
Cuz I've got better things to do
than Babysit some bot!
Like duel!
Duel.
Duel, duel, duel,
duel, duel, duel, duel
what now?!
what's a litterbot doing
with a duel disk?
Eh
what's it matter,
he's got no deck
deck!
Duel!
Next I activate the spell card
star light, star bright.
With this card, when there are
monsters on the field with
either the same attack points or
the same defense points, I can
take one of their
levels and change all the other
monsters to that same level!
As a result, I will change
junk robot teapot
Kangaroo's level to that of junk
robot camelcycle, which is 4!
Next I overlay level 4 teapot
kangaroo and camelcycle,
and with the overlay
network now created,
I will xyz summon!
Wind-Up zenmaister!
Zenmaister, attack
yuma directly!
Alright, litterbot!
Yuma stinks, yuma stinks.
Say what?!
relax
this litterbot is not trying to
insult you, he is
simply stating a fact.
Way to duel, litterbot!
Huh?
Pretty, pretty!
Red Ribbon Makes
litterbot look pretty!
Aw
I think he's not a he, Tori.
Oh, so yuma didn't get beat by a
guy, he got beat by a girl!
Yeah
Thanks for clearing that up.
Girl.
Ya know what, I have an idea
I think we should give our new
litterbot friend a proper name!
Let's see here, what
should we call her?
Butterfly, butterfly, butterfly.
How 'bout 'annoying ?'
be nice!
It's better than something
lame like lillybot.
Lillybot, lillybot!
Well done!
I think you just
named her, yuma!
I love yuma, yuma, yuma.
Aw man
first ASTRAL gloms
onto me and now this
yuma is lillybot's
best friend forever!
Bff!
Friends for life!
Here, Lilly, catch!
Catch.
Nothing but net.
Wrong basket!
Way to roll, Lilly!
I can't believe it's been
such a great day.
G'night, lillybot.
Everything is set
time for my litterbots to
clean House once again.
Lillybot!
Wonder where she rolled off to?
Why'd she leave this here?
Lilly's idea of a note?
Kari: Unbelievable!
This is gonna be the scoop that
makes my career, I just know it!
Hold it there, bro.
I need your help.
Look here
I don't care about your scoop
do you care about
millions of dollars?
Cuz that's what this is about!
Someone's been ripping
off jewelry stores.
I got some security
footage from a source
but it's so blurry.
Can you make anything out of it?
No way
is that, lillybot?
I'm telling you, whoever's
behind This is good.
There's not a duel security
system out there that this
mystery person can't take down.
That is because it
is not a person.
Perhaps This is why lillybot is
so good at dueling
she was programmed to be.
The question is,
programmed by whom?
And I think that is a question
we might be able to
answer using Simple logic.
Since the thief seems to
disappear after each
heist that means
that means what?
That means he needs someplace to
disappear to, some place close
close to all of the jewelry
stores he has robbed so far.
Like this little
hideaway right here
so let's roll!
Hey!
Thanks a lot for the help!
Tonight's been the
best haul yet!
But since no one's smart enough
to figure out my scheme, I'm
sure it'll only get better
hold it right there!
Hey, who are you?
Me?
I'm lillybot's bff,
that's who I am!
Who's lillybot?
You talkin' 'bout her?
Sorry But these bots
are mine, so get lost!
No way!
Litterbot's aren't
something you own!
So
let her go right now!
Okay
get him.
Hey lillybot!
Don't you remember me,
it's me yuma!
Lillybot?
Lillybot!
What's with you?!
no kidding!
So much for the whole best
friends forever thing.
What now?
Now we duel!
Let's go!
Duel accepted.
Target confirmed.
Prepare to be eradicated.
And why exactly did you
challenge Lilly to a duel?
This is why.
She left this card behind.
And with it
I'll bring her back
or, if that doesn't
work, go down trying!
Augmented Reality Vision
Link established.
Let's duel!
Game time!
Hope you're ready, Lilly!
Cuz I'm drawin'!
first I summon gagaga magician!
Next I'll place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Initiating protocol 3z.
Draw!
First I activate
eco spell - Reduce waste!
With this card, by banishing two
junk robot monsters in my deck,
I can add junk robot
camelcycle to my hand.
I now summon camelcycle!
I then activate
eco spell - Recycle!
With this card, I can summon the
two junk robot monsters That
were banished earlier!
I now summon Junk robot cleanaga
and junk robot computerkong!
It's goin' ape!
I now overlay these three
level 4 junk robots.
And by way of this overlay, an
overlay network has been created
and with it I will
now xyz Summon
recycle rhinobot!
Initiating Protocol
33F: Rhinobot attacks
gagaga magician!
Yuma!
I know!
I play the trap
half unbreak!
Now my monster is spared, and I
only take half the damage!
Keep Fighting, yuma!
You're Lilly's one
and only chance!
Yeah
I wish someone
would tell her that!
Here goes
draw!
And now
I'll play my draw!
Rise up, gagaga girl!
Next up is wonder wand
So gagaga girl gains 500 extra
attack points!
Nice move
and now it is time for you take
it to the next level!
No doubt!
Now I play my
magician's ability!
Its Level changes from 4 to 8
until the end of my turn!
Really, yuma?
But
then I activate the spell card
gagaga thunder!
But don't look to the sky when
ya hear the boom, look to your
life points, cuz you take damage
equal to the difference between
my monster's levels
times 300!
And in case your software isn't
up to date, I'll do
the math for ya - The difference
is five!
So you take 1500
points of damage!
I then place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Now that my turn's over, gagaga
magician's level
changes back from 8 to 4.
Yuma
I tried to tell you
gagaga girl has an ability that
would have changed Lilly's xyz
monster's attack points to zero.
If you changed your magician's
level to gagaga girl's and xyz
summoned leviathon Dragon, you
could have attacked
rhinobot and you would have won.
Not until I
play Lilly's card!
Your turn, Lilly!
Initiating Protocol 2x.
Draw!
First I summon junk robot
teapot kangaroo!
I now activate
rhinobot's ability!
For every overlay unit I use, a
different monster on my field
other than rhinobot gains 500
additional attack points.
Not good.
I use three overlay units, so
teapot Kangaroo now gains 1500
attack points!
That is one mean marsupial!
First, I will have rhinobot
attack gagaga girl!
I activate the trap
card gagagaguard!
Now since there are two gagaga
monsters on the field, gagaga
girl can't be destroyed
this battle!
Protocol 41a - Teapot kangaroo
ATTACKS gagaga magician!
No good, Lilly
gagagaguard protects him too!
Perhaps.
But not you!
Oh no!
Yuma
your life points Cannot TAKE too
much more of this.
I know it
but I have to hold on 'til
I can play Lilly' !
It's our only chance, astral
ya see
if Lilly sees that old card.
Maybe she'll go back
to her old self too!
Old, self
that's right, Lilly!
Just think back!
I, I, I activate
rhinobot's ability!
When rhinobot does not have any
overlay units, my monster with
the least amount of attack
points is destroyed.
As a result, we both take damage
equal to the destroyed monster's
original attack points.
Yuma
when that special ability
Activates again next turn
both you and Lilly will
run out of life points!
Well in that case
I'd better hope for
the perfect draw
well done, litterbot.
Now to make sure those meddling
kids meddle no more!
What was that?
Self-Destruct program initiated.
Countdown set at one minute.
What's that supposed to mean?
Lillybot's gonna explode?
That is correct yuma.
You need to stop that countdown
before it reaches zero!
But how?!
how else
just stick with your plan and
duel Lilly's memory back!
then it all comes down to this
time to feel the flow!
Draw!
It's here!
I activate the spell card star
light, star bright from my hand!
What is this?
It's a spell card that lets me
match gagaga girl's level to
gagaga magician!
Memory Banks overriding
operational protocol.
Override, override, override
yuma stinks, yuma stinks,
yuma stinks, yuma stinks
look, its working!
She's coming back!
She really is!
Don't stop!
Keep on yelling that yuma
stinks, lillybot, just like you
did in the good
old days, remember?
Yuma stinks, yuma stinks,
yuma stinks YUMA stinks
Operational protocol has been
successfully overridden
she's, back!
Therefore failsafe systems
are now enacted.
No she's not!
There are just twenty
seconds remaining, yuma.
Yeah?!
then I better put
them to good use!
I now overlay level 4 gagaga
magician and gagaga girl!
With These two monsters, I build
the overlay network and Xyz
summon NUMBER 39: Utopia!
The time!
Hurry yuma!
Next I play gagaga
girl's ability!
Since I used gagaga girl and
gagaga magician to xyz summon,
your monster's attack points
Become zero!
Jogging your memory didn't work,
Lilly so now
let's try knocking sense back
into you!
Go Rising sun slash!
Lillybot!
Yuma, you stink, yuma, you stink
that's my girl!
You did it!
She's back!
Blast!
That disobedient bot!
Do not fret.
Huh?
We will carry out
Lilly's mission.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1
get lost you Bolt buckets!
Female ANNOUNCER: Last night
When police responded to an
explosion, a man was arrested
after a trove of
stolen jewels was found.
That was my story!
If I find out who
scooped me, they're toast!
See ya later, you two!
Yuma, do not forget
your duel fuel!
Catch!
Thanks, Lilly, anything else I
forgot?
Just one thing.
You stink, you stink, you stink!
Hey!
I don't stink!
I just took a shower!
Okay, maybe I didn't use soap.
But still!